--- 
name: ekigas-vorbis 
layout: post 
title: Ekiga's Vorbis 
time: 2006-04-13 20:46:00 +01:00 
---

## [Ekiga’s
Vorbis](http://www.dueyfinster.eu/2006/04/13/ekigas-vorbis/ "Permanent Link: Ekiga’s Vorbis")

[![Picture Of Google Talk
Logo](http://img150.imageshack.us/img150/6240/logogoogletalk8pk.gif)](http://www.dueyfinster.eu/license/fairuse "Fair Use")
I am all for open standards, but they face huge problems. Not least is
lack of intergration between them. Take SIP used by VOIP providers, such
as [OpenWengo](http://www.wengo.com/). While OpenWengo is open source,
and it is SIP, they are not helpful in informing you how to use other
clients, or dial other OpenWengo users from other networks. What I am
really talking about is the need for an all-in-one communications
program, that is multi-platform. Their is already open source code for:
Google Talk (aka Jabber), MSN, AOL, ICQ, SIP, H.323, Yahoo! but why
isn’t their an all in one client? Surely it would be easy to reimplement
some code from other programs into Ekiga (SIP, H.323) , Kopete or Gaim
(both Jabber, MSN, Yahoo, AOL and ICQ)? I know GoogleTalk is based on
SIP, so why not SIP compatability? That is poor implementation which is
fragmenting the Open Source community, how are we going to challenge
MSN’s userbase with this sort of fragmentation? That said I like Google
Talk and its way of doing things. Also it is rumoured GoogleTalk will be
interoperable with AOL at protocol level, since Google owns 5% of AOL.  
This is also a factor across open standards, such as [Ogg
Vorbis](http://www.vorbis.com/), the open alternative to
[MP3](http://www.mp3licensing.com/royalty/software.html). Rather than
people developing a kernel to run Matrix backgrounds on an
[iPod](http://www.apple.com/ipod), why not develop an Ogg Vorbis
decoder? That way nearly 80% of the digital music player market could
possibly play Ogg Vorbis, rather than the current selection of a few
iRivers, less than 1%. If Open Source is serious about the desktop and
its formats, we have to work together and stop forking our efforts! Good
News is it is getting there all the time, albeit too slow for most of
us!
![image](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/tracker/7231752728434532377-9220223165368408130?l=neil.grogan.ie)
