--- 
name: blog-updates-calendar-updates-broken 
layout: post 
title: Blog Updates, Calendar Updates, broken Macbook 
time: 2006-10-25 00:10:00 +01:00 
--- 

Well first of all, there has been some blog updates, inspired
no less by my Grandfather! He's at a fragile old age, so he can't read
the screen all too well. This is not a problem however, as he sets all
fonts to 16 and higher in [Firefox](http://www.getfirefox.com/) (which
is out of beta and into version 2.0!). That got me thinking, as I really
struggled to read this page being marginally away from the screen, as I
am a [Keratoconus](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keratoconus) sufferer.
As a result, I have enlarged all fonts in my blog, in an effort to make
them more readable... I encourage everyone to do the same, or at least
follow the [web standards](http://www.w3c.org/) so that it can be
properly auto resized by browsers.  
  
Also I have updated my Calendar for well into 2007! All the dates I can
forsee have been duly added and accounted for. Please consult to it and
collaborate (if you have a google account, you can add appointments,
invite me to yours etc.) I use it all the time (especially as I have
[iSync](http://www.apple.com/macosx/features/isync/), which syncs it to
my [Nokia 6021](http://www.nokia.ie/web/product_details?productId=220)
and [iPod](http://www.apple.com/ipod/ipod.html) through
[iTunes](http://www.apple.com/itunes/).) Google now sends me an
[SMS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Short_message_service) (although it
costs standard rate [13c per message for me] :-( ) two days before every
appointment as a friendly reminder.  
  
As the title reads, my Macbook was well and truly borked, well at least
the charging function is. I rang [Apple](http://www.apple.com/), which
were more helpful than I expected. They offered to send me a replacement
charger, which I offered to take, but the operator agreed with my
assesment that it was the [Power Management
Unit](http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?artnum=303319), and that
another AC adaptor would not cut it. I have since taken it to an Apple
service center, called [Mactivate](http://www.mactivate.ie/) [which is
in Blanchardstown in
Dublin](http://maps.google.co.uk/?ie=UTF8&z=18&ll=53.410331,-6.35698&spn=0.002094,0.005032&t=h&om=1)
(right by the ugly water tower near [Dublin
airport](http://www.dublin-airport.com/) while driving on the M50). Also
just a quick footnote, but I recently read of spammers hiring people in
the third wirld to read [capthcas](http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captcha)
(like ones I use) and post
[spam](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spam_(electronic)). It seems I may
have been affected by this, luckily it was still filtered by
[akismet](http://akismet.com/)!! muhahahahaha
![image](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/tracker/7231752728434532377-6128170505023263859?l=neil.grogan.ie)
